= IAIS API Guide: Legislative Reference
:revnumber: {iais.version}
:doctype: book
:icons: font
:source-highlighter: highlightjs
:toc: left
:toclevels: 4
:sectlinks:

[[resources-get-legislative-reference]]
== APIs
=== Get Legislative Reference
==== Request
include::{snippets}/get-legislative-reference/http-request.adoc[]
===== Request Body
include::{snippets}/get-legislative-reference/request-body.adoc[]
===== Path parameters
include::{snippets}/get-legislative-reference/path-parameters.adoc[]
===== Request parameters
include::{snippets}/get-legislative-reference/request-parameters.adoc[]
===== CURL request
include::{snippets}/get-legislative-reference/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Response
include::{snippets}/get-legislative-reference/response-fields.adoc[]
===== Response Example
include::{snippets}/get-legislative-reference/http-response.adoc[]

[[resources-get-legislative-references]]
=== Get Legislative References
==== Request
include::{snippets}/get-legislative-references/http-request.adoc[]
===== Request Body
include::{snippets}/get-legislative-references/request-body.adoc[]
===== Request parameters
include::{snippets}/get-legislative-references/request-parameters.adoc[]
===== CURL request
include::{snippets}/get-legislative-references/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Response
include::{snippets}/get-legislative-references/response-fields.adoc[]
===== Response Example
include::{snippets}/get-legislative-references/http-response.adoc[]

[[resources-create-legislative-reference]]
=== Create Legislative Reference
==== Request
include::{snippets}/create-legislative-reference/http-request.adoc[]
===== Request Body
include::{snippets}/create-legislative-reference/request-body.adoc[]
===== Request parameters
include::{snippets}/create-legislative-reference/request-parameters.adoc[]
===== CURL request
include::{snippets}/create-legislative-reference/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Response
include::{snippets}/create-legislative-reference/response-fields.adoc[]
===== Response Example
include::{snippets}/create-legislative-reference/http-response.adoc[]

[[resources-update-legislative-reference]]
=== Update Legislative Reference
==== Request
include::{snippets}/update-legislative-reference/http-request.adoc[]
===== Request Body
include::{snippets}/update-legislative-reference/request-body.adoc[]
===== Path parameters
include::{snippets}/update-legislative-reference/path-parameters.adoc[]
===== Request parameters
include::{snippets}/update-legislative-reference/request-parameters.adoc[]
===== CURL request
include::{snippets}/update-legislative-reference/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Response
include::{snippets}/update-legislative-reference/response-fields.adoc[]
===== Response Example
include::{snippets}/update-legislative-reference/http-response.adoc[]

[[resources-delete-legislative-reference]]
=== Delete Legislative Reference
==== Request
include::{snippets}/delete-legislative-reference/http-request.adoc[]
===== Request Body
include::{snippets}/delete-legislative-reference/request-body.adoc[]
===== Path parameters
include::{snippets}/delete-legislative-reference/path-parameters.adoc[]
===== CURL request
include::{snippets}/delete-legislative-reference/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Response
include::{snippets}/delete-legislative-reference/response-fields.adoc[]
===== Response Example
include::{snippets}/delete-legislative-reference/http-response.adoc[]

