= IAIS API Guide: Process Input Specification
:revnumber: {iais.version}
:doctype: book
:icons: font
:source-highlighter: highlightjs
:toc: left
:toclevels: 4
:sectlinks:

[[resources-get-process-inputs]]
== APIs
=== Get Process Input Specifications
==== Request
include::{snippets}/get-process-inputs/http-request.adoc[]
===== Request Body
include::{snippets}/get-process-inputs/request-body.adoc[]
===== Request parameters
include::{snippets}/get-process-inputs/request-parameters.adoc[]
===== CURL request
include::{snippets}/get-process-inputs/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Response
include::{snippets}/get-process-inputs/response-fields.adoc[]
===== Response Example
include::{snippets}/get-process-inputs/http-response.adoc[]

[[resources-get-process-input]]
== APIs
=== Get Process Input Specification
==== Request
include::{snippets}/get-process-input/http-request.adoc[]
===== Request Body
include::{snippets}/get-process-input/request-body.adoc[]
===== Path parameters
include::{snippets}/get-process-input/path-parameters.adoc[]
===== Request parameters
include::{snippets}/get-process-input/request-parameters.adoc[]
===== CURL request
include::{snippets}/get-process-input/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Response
include::{snippets}/get-process-input/response-fields.adoc[]
===== Response Example
include::{snippets}/get-process-input/http-response.adoc[]

[[resources-create-input-specification]]
== APIs
=== Create Process Input Specification
==== Request
include::{snippets}/create-input-specification/http-request.adoc[]
===== Request Body
include::{snippets}/create-input-specification/request-body.adoc[]
===== Path parameters
include::{snippets}/create-input-specification/path-parameters.adoc[]
===== Request parameters
include::{snippets}/create-input-specification/request-parameters.adoc[]
===== CURL request
include::{snippets}/create-input-specification/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Response
include::{snippets}/create-input-specification/response-fields.adoc[]
===== Response Example
include::{snippets}/create-input-specification/http-response.adoc[]

[[resources-update-input-specification]]
== APIs
=== Update Process Input Specification
==== Request
include::{snippets}/update-input-specification/http-request.adoc[]
===== Request Body
include::{snippets}/update-input-specification/request-body.adoc[]
===== Path parameters
include::{snippets}/update-input-specification/path-parameters.adoc[]
===== Request parameters
include::{snippets}/update-input-specification/request-parameters.adoc[]
===== CURL request
include::{snippets}/update-input-specification/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Response
include::{snippets}/update-input-specification/response-fields.adoc[]
===== Response Example
include::{snippets}/update-input-specification/http-response.adoc[]

[[resources-add-input-specification]]
== APIs
=== Add Process Input Specification
==== Request
include::{snippets}/add-input-specification/http-request.adoc[]
===== Request Body
include::{snippets}/add-input-specification/request-body.adoc[]
===== Path parameters
include::{snippets}/add-input-specification/path-parameters.adoc[]
===== Request parameters
include::{snippets}/add-input-specification/request-parameters.adoc[]
===== CURL request
include::{snippets}/add-input-specification/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Response
include::{snippets}/add-input-specification/response-fields.adoc[]
===== Response Example
include::{snippets}/add-input-specification/http-response.adoc[]

[[resources-remove-input-specification]]
== APIs
=== Remove Process Input Specification
==== Request
include::{snippets}/remove-input-specification/http-request.adoc[]
===== Request Body
include::{snippets}/remove-input-specification/request-body.adoc[]
===== Path parameters
include::{snippets}/remove-input-specification/path-parameters.adoc[]
===== CURL request
include::{snippets}/remove-input-specification/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Response
include::{snippets}/remove-input-specification/response-fields.adoc[]
===== Response Example
include::{snippets}/remove-input-specification/http-response.adoc[]

[[resources-delete-input-specification]]
== APIs
=== Delete Process Input Specification
==== Request
include::{snippets}/delete-input-specification/http-request.adoc[]
===== Request Body
include::{snippets}/delete-input-specification/request-body.adoc[]
===== Path parameters
include::{snippets}/delete-input-specification/path-parameters.adoc[]
===== CURL request
include::{snippets}/delete-input-specification/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Response
include::{snippets}/delete-input-specification/response-fields.adoc[]
===== Response Example
include::{snippets}/delete-input-specification/http-response.adoc[]
