= IAIS API Guide: Statistical Standard
:revnumber: {iais.version}
:doctype: book
:icons: font
:source-highlighter: highlightjs
:toc: left
:toclevels: 4
:sectlinks:

[[resources-get-statistical-standard]]
== APIs
=== Get Statistical Standard
==== Request
include::{snippets}/get-statistical-standard/http-request.adoc[]
===== Request Body
include::{snippets}/get-statistical-standard/request-body.adoc[]
===== Path parameters
include::{snippets}/get-statistical-standard/path-parameters.adoc[]
===== Request parameters
include::{snippets}/get-statistical-standard/request-parameters.adoc[]
===== CURL request
include::{snippets}/get-statistical-standard/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Response
include::{snippets}/get-statistical-standard/response-fields.adoc[]
===== Response Example
include::{snippets}/get-statistical-standard/http-response.adoc[]

[[resources-get-statisticl-standards]]
=== Get Statistical Standards
==== Request
include::{snippets}/get-statistical-standards/http-request.adoc[]
===== Request Body
include::{snippets}/get-statistical-standards/request-body.adoc[]
===== Request parameters
include::{snippets}/get-statistical-standards/request-parameters.adoc[]
===== CURL request
include::{snippets}/get-statistical-standards/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Response
include::{snippets}/get-statistical-standards/response-fields.adoc[]
===== Response Example
include::{snippets}/get-statistical-standards/http-response.adoc[]

[[resources-create-statistical-standard]]
=== Create Statistical Standard
==== Request
include::{snippets}/create-statistical-standard/http-request.adoc[]
===== Request Body
include::{snippets}/create-statistical-standard/request-body.adoc[]
===== Request parameters
include::{snippets}/create-statistical-standard/request-parameters.adoc[]
===== CURL request
include::{snippets}/create-statistical-standard/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Response
include::{snippets}/create-statistical-standard/response-fields.adoc[]
===== Response Example
include::{snippets}/create-statistical-standard/http-response.adoc[]

[[resources-update-statistical-standard]]
=== Update Statistical Standard
==== Request
include::{snippets}/update-statistical-standard/http-request.adoc[]
===== Request Body
include::{snippets}/update-statistical-standard/request-body.adoc[]
===== Path parameters
include::{snippets}/update-statistical-standard/path-parameters.adoc[]
===== Request parameters
include::{snippets}/update-statistical-standard/request-parameters.adoc[]
===== CURL request
include::{snippets}/update-statistical-standard/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Response
include::{snippets}/update-statistical-standard/response-fields.adoc[]
===== Response Example
include::{snippets}/update-statistical-standard/http-response.adoc[]

[[resources-delete-statistical-standard]]
=== Delete Statistical Standard
==== Request
include::{snippets}/delete-statistical-standard/http-request.adoc[]
===== Request Body
include::{snippets}/delete-statistical-standard/request-body.adoc[]
===== Path parameters
include::{snippets}/delete-statistical-standard/path-parameters.adoc[]
===== CURL request
include::{snippets}/delete-statistical-standard/curl-request.adoc[]
==== Response
include::{snippets}/delete-statistical-standard/response-fields.adoc[]
===== Response Example
include::{snippets}/delete-statistical-standard/http-response.adoc[]

